VEEB V39.1. WORKER + RESOLVER PLAYBACK FIX

The desktop agent is not required for this update. Use the Render resolver in
DIRECT mode. The desktop option changes where source acquisition happens and
currently waits for a completed MP3 upload; it is not the instant-play fix.

1. REPLACE THE RENDER RESOLVER
Extract veeb-resolver-v39.1.zip. Copy its contents into the ROOT of the existing
veeb-resolver repository linked to Render, beside the existing Dockerfile and
veeb_resolver.py. Replace existing files and include progressive_source.py and
all other .py files, requirements.txt and tests. Do not upload the ZIP itself or
put the files in a nested version folder. Commit and let Render redeploy.

Render settings:
  VEEB_SOURCE_MODE = direct
  VEEB_MP3_STARTUP_MIN_BYTES = 4096

Both values are defaults in the code. Set them explicitly if an older override
is present. If YOUTUBE_SOURCE_SELECTOR is already configured, remove that
optional override to use the new default, or set it to:
  bestaudio[ext=webm]/bestaudio/best[acodec!=none]/best

Keep the existing RESOLVER_SECRET and existing cookie secret-file settings.
Keep one Uvicorn worker and one Render instance. Wait for a successful build.
The resolver root response must say version: v39.1-mp3-stream.

2. REPLACE THE COMPLETE CLOUDFLARE WORKER
Open VEEB-WORKER-v39.1.txt. Copy the ENTIRE contents.
In the code editor for your existing Veeb Cloudflare Worker, replace the ENTIRE
existing script with those contents and deploy it. This includes the complete
app, not just a patch or a snippet. Do not paste it into the resolver repository.

Keep the existing DB and AUDIO_CACHE bindings, YOUTUBE_RESOLVER_URL and
YOUTUBE_RESOLVER_SECRET. No new Worker binding is required. Existing R2 MP3 keys
are retained; do not wipe or rename the bucket.

In Veeb admin, 'Browser recovery playback' must show RECOVERY OFF to use this
MP3 player path. If it is ON, use its existing TURN OFF button.
After deployment, reload Veeb once to load the new code. The new Worker no longer
forces an automatic page reload when the service worker changes. The app version
is 10.10.4-v39.1-playback.

3. REMOVE A HOSTING DELAY IF IT APPLIES
The supplied render.yaml says plan: free. That does not establish the plan of
your already-deployed service. Check the service's actual compute instance.
If it is Free, choose an always-on instance for the 1-2 second target. Render
states that Free sleeps after 15 idle minutes and takes about one minute to wake:
  https://render.com/docs/free#spinning-down-on-idle
Changing code cannot remove that wake-up delay. A completed R2 hit bypasses it.
The blueprint keeps the uploaded Free baseline to avoid silently changing cost;
review its plan before using it to create or resync a service.

4. CHECK THE ACTUAL OUTCOME
A. Search and play a track already stored as a verified R2 MP3. The response
   should say X-Veeb-Audio-Cache: HIT. The first playback should work without a
   resolver acquisition or repeated refreshes.
B. Search and play a fresh track while Render is awake. A direct WebM source can
   now start before the source download completes. First-time source access is
   still an external dependency. Do not count a resolver-local completed job or
   an R2 hit as a fresh-source test.
C. Switch tracks quickly. An older recovery must not replace the selected song.
D. After an error, use Play. It now creates a fresh playback attachment instead
   of reusing a failed media source. Explicit source cooldowns are respected.
E. Confirm the normal completed-MP3 collection reaches R2, then replay the track.
   The browser's startup-audible diagnostic records actual tap-to-playing time.

For a separate complete-MP3 resolver check, open PowerShell in the extracted
resolver folder and run:
  .\Test-Resolver.ps1 -VideoId 'C2elY5Tctqg'
It asks for the Render URL and existing secret privately. This script runs once;
it does not install a desktop service. It verifies full acquisition/completion,
not browser tap-to-audible latency. Results appear in the verification subfolder.

WHAT WAS FIXED
- Main, expanded and media-session Play controls now share a recovery path.
- Source switching cancels the previous attempt; stale callbacks check ownership.
- The browser's play event no longer marks a still-buffering track as started.
- Startup is bounded: resolver source 20s, Worker upstream headers 22s, browser
  startup 25s. These are failure ceilings, not promised startup times. A stale R2
  hint can take one fallback attempt; a mid-song stall gets one guarded recovery.
- WebM converts while downloading. MP4/segmented sources retain safe buffering.
- Search checks cache metadata; queue rendering and local storage no longer
  precede the first audio request/play call.
- Failed or partial source downloads never become completed MP3s.

VALIDATION LIMIT
Local tests validate the code paths, source ownership and MP3 bytes. Live
YouTube access, Render wake/load, Cloudflare latency and mobile browser playback
still require the deployment checks above. A SOURCE_ACCESS_DENIED result is not
fixed by repeatedly refreshing the page. Instant first play for arbitrary
uncached tracks cannot be guaranteed while that upstream source can refuse.
