OPTIONAL SOURCE-ACCESS DIAGNOSTIC, NOT A FAST-START REQUIREMENT

The desktop agent is not required for V39.1 playback changes. Its current
protocol uploads a complete MP3, so uncached playback waits for that upload.
Use it only to investigate source access or deliberately choose that tradeoff.

3. TEST ACQUISITION ON A SOURCE COMPUTER
Use an always-on regular Windows 10/11 computer with Docker Desktop running Linux
containers, or a Linux machine with Docker Engine and Compose. Docker Desktop is
not supported on Windows Server; do not install this setup on EXC-APP01.
Official Windows installer and requirements:
https://docs.docker.com/desktop/setup/install/windows-install/

In C:\VeebSourceAgent run:
  .\Setup-SourceAgent.ps1 -ProbeVideoId 'C2elY5Tctqg'

This creates a local .agent.env file with the Render URL and a NEW random agent
secret, builds the container, and runs a complete download-to-MP3 probe from this
computer. The probe does not contact Render. It starts cookie-free. If needed,
you can place your YouTube cookie export at:
  C:\VeebSourceAgent\agent-data\youtube-cookies.txt
The agent reads that file locally. It does not send those cookies to Render.
Use the same supplied cookie snapshot when comparing the two networks if you
want a controlled comparison of authenticated behaviour. A difference in results
with different sessions is not evidence of an IP-only cause.

The same downloader, PO-token provider and encoder run on both computers. A
successful fresh probe has ok:true, mp3Complete:true and localCacheHit:false.
A localCacheHit:true probe proves cached delivery, not a new YouTube request.
Test several uncached tracks you actually use before depending on this route.

If the probe ALSO fails, agent mode is not a fix for that network/session. Keep
Render in direct mode and use the reported error to investigate the source.
Do not buy random proxies on the assumption that they must solve it.

4. CONNECT THE SOURCE COMPUTER AFTER THE PROBE PASSES
Render dashboard > existing resolver service > Environment. Add:
  VEEB_SOURCE_MODE = agent
  VEEB_SOURCE_AGENT_SECRET = the matching value from C:\VeebSourceAgent\.agent.env

Open .agent.env locally in Notepad to copy the secret. This is a separate secret
from RESOLVER_SECRET. Keep both private. Save the variables and redeploy Render.

Back in C:\VeebSourceAgent run:
  .\Setup-SourceAgent.ps1 -Connect

The script checks the settings before starting the source agent in the
background. Keep the computer awake and Docker Desktop running. Enable Docker
Desktop start at sign-in if you want it to return after a user sign-in. The
container's restart policy handles container restarts, not Windows sleep, power
loss or a Docker Desktop process that has not started.

View logs:
  docker compose -f compose.agent.yaml logs --tail 60 -f
Stop the agent:
  docker compose -f compose.agent.yaml stop

No inbound router port, tunnel, inbound Windows firewall rule, or Render access
to your computer is needed. The agent polls Render over HTTPS and uploads MP3
bytes. It never sends Render a Googlevideo URL for Render to fetch. Both download
and conversion happen on the source computer; Render does not encode it again.

The local completed-file cache is capped at 1 GiB by default, adjustable with
VEEB_AGENT_CACHE_MB in .agent.env. Old local copies are evicted at the cap; R2
objects are never deleted by this package. A transfer retry reuses completed
local audio. If Render restarts before R2 collection, a new request can reuse the
agent's local MP3 rather than contact YouTube again.

Linux equivalent, from the extracted folder:
  cp .agent.env.example .agent.env
  # Edit the URL and a new random agent secret locally.
  mkdir -p agent-data
  docker compose -f compose.agent.yaml build
  docker compose -f compose.agent.yaml run --rm source-agent --probe C2elY5Tctqg
  # Set the two matching Render variables after the probe passes, then:
  docker compose -f compose.agent.yaml up -d

5. VERIFY THE WHOLE VEEB PATH
Repeat Test-Resolver.ps1 after the source agent starts. Then, in Veeb:
- Play the same track or run the existing admin playback/cache test.
- Confirm the completed MP3 is stored under veeb-audio-v2-mp3/<id>.mp3.
- Play again and confirm R2 HIT without source acquisition.
- Disconnect/stop the source agent and replay that CACHED track.
- Test screen-off/background playback and the next cached track on your phone.
- Restart Render and replay the cached track again.

These final checks depend on the Worker and device. The resolver archive cannot
verify or fix a Worker startup gate or a mobile background-player bug by itself.
The prior one-minute Worker cron and R2 settings remain necessary for collection.
Existing legacy R2 imports through /import-cached-source/ remain supported.

6. RENDER SLEEP AND CAPACITY
The supplied render.yaml retains the original free plan; this package makes no
billing change. If the service actually uses Free, Render documents a spin-down
after 15 minutes idle and a wake time of about a minute. Files on that instance
are lost at spin-down/restart. Reliable cold-track startup requires an always-on
Render instance. Choose the instance type in the service settings before treating
it as a production playback dependency. R2 hits should continue to bypass Render.
Reference: https://render.com/docs/free

Do not scale this version to multiple ASGI workers or multiple Render instances:
a source lease must return to the same process that owns the MP3 job. A durable,
shared scheduler would be required before doing that. Up to two active MP3 jobs
are admitted; completed jobs receive a 90-second collection grace period under
capacity pressure. R2 remains the durable system of record.

OPTIONAL EXISTING PROXY
For a proxy you already own/use, YOUTUBE_PROXY_URL on the acquiring machine is
passed to yt-dlp and its PO-token provider. Supported URL schemes are http,
https, socks5 and socks5h. Keep a consistent route for extraction, tokens and
media transfer. The downloader owns all three. An invalid proxy setting fails
explicitly; it never silently falls back to direct network requests.
A proxy is optional and is not a guaranteed solution to a source refusal.

ROLLBACK
Restore the previous repository commit if needed. To change only acquisition
location, set VEEB_SOURCE_MODE=direct on Render and redeploy, then stop the agent.
No R2 object or original source file is deleted by rollback.
